Character info
Dragon Slaying Sword:
The Dragons were plaguing the plans of the race alliance.
Their solutions: the Dragon-Slaying-Sword. It is the result of millennia of magi-technological
advancement paired with the creativity of the brightest minds on the planet. The legendary dwarf
king being in the forefront of the sword’s creation imbued it with his own skills, making the 
sword able to reforge itself when needed. Akin to a self-learning AI, it adapts accordingly to 
any situation if given enough resource and time. Absurdly, the sword is made out of the materialsation
of countless elven spells stacked upon each other instead of metal. The sword's 'vitals' are
monitored wirelessly round the clock by thousands at the race alliance HQ.
Truly, it is an ever evolving masterpiece of war.

After crafting the sword, it needed to use the ego of a living being as a foundation to evolve from.
Obviously, not any Tom, Dick or Harry could volunteer for this monumental task. Even after passing
all the stringent pre-requisits for awakening the sword, one needed to have an elevated state of mind.
With enough talent and practice, one can reach a trancendental level of prowess in a specific field.
As such, the prowess needed to awaken the sword needed to be related to the art of weilding a sword. 
Hence, not even the Dwarf king, with his trancendental prowess in blacksmithing, could awaken the sword.

The sword, not being able to awaken even after 5 years after its creation, dealt a huge blow to the
race alliance. Being dragged into a rock and a hard place by the dragons, the race alliance clenched 
their fists and made the application process become available to the public.
The allure of being the fist hero made both the commoners and famous household names flock in the 
thousands to try their luck. However, with the surprise of many, amongs the few participants who were left 
after the stringent selections, was a 14 year old kid who was planned to be used as canon fodder for 
the upcoming war. And even more surprising was the fact that this kid, named Light, made the sword
awaken the moment he touched it.

Heroes came and went; the sword had many wielders. But it only gave its true name to a select few
who it deemed worthy. Its name, given by her father figure, Light, and her memorise of him were
its most prized possessions. She initially had a gentle temperament, but after exchanging hands
multiple times, she grew to be bitter. Longing for the ideals that her father showed her. Surprisingly,
she is terrified of darkness. The sword sees the world through the five senses of its wielder.
When not being held, she gets stuck in a void with only her own thoughts.
So she, whose ego was molded by a human, hated being lonely more than anything. This is the only
reason why she did not evolve a scabbard. 

She has countless functions. From having a built in GPS to storing all martial arts that it sees. She
can nearly program anything on her. She scans the body of each hero and stores their
skeletal and muscle structure information in a database and as stated, reconstructs the body of each
new wielder, cherry picking all the best features of previous heroes.

She gained the ability communicate with the user telepathycaly after meeting the mc. Her frustration piled up after 
losing to him countless times and eventually evolve a way of expressing it... through cursing. After some time,
she managed to form long coherent sentences and speaking became second nature to her. Before that she could only send
formal, pre-programmed, messages to the user. 

Her form is not fixed. Dependending on the user, her shape changes to adapt to his fighting style.
The fist hero, Light, was constantly drowning in guilt.
All the blood that he shed could never be washed. In moments of vulnerability, he would always 
stare at his reflection on the sword's edge for hours, reminding himself of the monster he became.
The sword chose to keep the part-where he used to stare-intact throughout all the evolution that she undergone. 
She preserved his reflection on herself.
